Add related.entity to cloudtrail integration (#11115)
elastic/integrations: packages/aws/docs/cloudtrail.md

| host.os.codename | OS codename, if any. | keyword |
| input.type | Input type | keyword |
| log.offset | Log offset | long |

> | related.entity | All the entity identifiers related to the document. If the document  contains multiple entities, identifiers belonging to different entities  will be present. Example identifiers include cloud resource IDs, ARNs,  email addresses, or hostnames. | keyword |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| related.entity | A collection of all entity identifiers associated with the document. If the document  contains multiple entities, identifiers for each will be included. Example identifiers include(but not limited to) cloud resource IDs, ARNs,  email addresses, and hostnames. | keyword |
```

Author: tackled!
